welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to work through the
existential crises brought on by our
unfulfilled dreams
in middle age with the 2017 film mom and
dad if you experience
any level of catharsis through this
process you might consider subscribing
to the channel let's get to it
[Music]
we open on a sleepy suburban
neighborhood where we find carly in her
room engaged in conversation with damon
a young man she's taken on as her lover
as
is a young woman's prerogative they're
interrupted by her bratty younger
brother josh which is fine because damon
is heading in to crush the psat
at breakfast carly tries to get
pre-approval to see a movie that evening
but her request
is denied because her grandparents are
visiting for dinner this deepens her
resentments
god it's not my fault you have no life
and she wallows in them as her mother
kendall drives her to school while back
at home brent engages in some classic
rough housing before a ball to the head
provides a moment of clarity
and we see the latent violence that
boils beneath the surface
and then it's off to another day at work
at home sun is tenderizing some meat as
her daughter lisa looks on
meanwhile josh has a flashback to that
time he saved an unknown critter from a
murder of crows
and tried to nurse it back to health
inside his father's trans am
but it just made the car wreak of decomp
instead he's snapped back to attention
by a sound we can only interpret as the
tenderizing of young lisa's face
which is gonna be so good after
marinating all day after mommy yoga
kendall and jenna talk over coffee
commiserating over the cruelness of
their daughter's perky youth
meanwhile in class students are being
called to the office left and right
resulting in a sudden
and confusing end to the day similarly
at the psats we see the parents champing
at the bit to get their kids
damon finishes early and begins biking
home at school as the situation is being
assessed
young evan is the first to break ranks
to get to mommy who helps him over the
fence and
promptly kills him the rents then start
rolling their old asses into the
courtyard looking for their progeny
while the police try to run interference
and treat the parents like their kids
and he's been waiting to do this his
whole life
karen damon arrives home and finds his
dad heavy into the drink
and what would otherwise be an
unfortunate but semi-normal abuse
situation
escalates quickly and without prompting
fortunately for his mental health he
only accidentally kills his dad
about this time kendall gets the call
that her sister has gone into labor so
she heads to the hospital meanwhile we
see the girls have made it to riley's
house they tune into reports of an
unknown virus and cases of mass filicide
spreading across the country
and carly stays glued to the tv where in
a remarkably prescient moment we find dr
oz on cable news
spouting absolute nonsense in fact
around 50 percent of the piglet fatality
scene
is due to the mother attacking or
crushing the newborn pre-ween babies
you dumb [ __ ] curly's distracted from
this by a strange noise
and goes upstairs to see that riley's
found her mom at the hospital after
jeannie gives birth
a wave rolls through and she begins
squeezing her new baby a bit too tight
kendall's able to wrench it away but
it's confiscated for safety by the
hospital staff
security keeps a close watch as an
audience of hungry dads leer over their
offspring
now semi aware of what's happening
kendall tries to get home to make sure
josh is okay
carly is also engaged in a journey home
and runs across damon along the way
this is where she first learns the
danger is family specific
so they hurry home to try to get josh to
safety unfortunately brent comes home
early
and at first they can't tell if he's
homicidal or nicholas cage
as it turns out it's a little of both
they rushed to the basement to find the
end result of a diy
project from a couple of weeks prior
eventually perfected but immediately an
object of contention
overwhelmed with a desire to destroy
something beautiful representing his
youthful hopes and dreams he and kendall
bond over the dissatisfaction wrought by
their unrequited youthful expectations
and now they're tag teaming like true
partners playing good cop bad cop to try
to lure their children to an early grave
when this fails kendall takes a more
direct approach but finds there's a
learning curve involved in using the
sawzall brent rushes upstairs to
retrieve another one of his secret
obsessions but finds he didn't hide it
well enough
he hears two shots downstairs
discovering that josh is taken to
invading his privacy like a moth to a
flame the parents then discuss their
differing opinions about the safety of
having a gun in the house while dressing
a bullet wound which pretty much
punctuates the argument then they rig up
the oven's gas line with a garden hose
and make a comfy little gas chamber for
the kids
once satisfied with the results they
relax and wait for signs of coughing
carly macgyver is a little trap at the
doorway and then they let off a few
choking noises before tucking away into
the furnace duct
upon hearing sounds of distress the
parents begin their ingress and brett
promptly blows his face off leaving
kendall on her own to chase
down the kids she does fairly well until
damon just now waking up
indicating significant brain trauma tags
in and they manage to force kendall into
the closet
the kids then engage in a premature
moment of levity letting down their
guard enough for kendall to fish hook
damon in the cheek and then he again
takes the brunt of the punishment brent
wakes up and right as they get the kids
cornered in the kitchen the doorbell
rings the paternal grandparents have
arrived for dinner and brent's ass
is fully on the menu pop-pop manages to
stick him a few times with his service
knife while the lady brawl spills out
into the front yard brent manages to end
it with one move
and then damon finally manages to dole
out some head trauma of his own
the movie ends with mom and dad waking
up bloody and bound to a post
and we're left without knowing if or
when the terror will ever pass
[Music]
and that was mom and dad a tight little
movie coming in with a run time below 90
minutes
including credits but it progresses in a
logical fashion while packing in a good
amount of tension and payoff
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching